So, let's go ahead and
get started about this, let's start
it talking about the SipProfile.
So, you guys can go ahead and
pause the slide show, pause the video,
check out the slide and read over it.
This is just a really general and
broad overview of what
the SipProfile class does.
But what we're gonna do in
setting the rest of the video is
go into the inter documentation and
take a look at what these classes do,
I feel this is important
because it's good practise
to familiarize yourself
with reading documentation
regarding classes you you may use so
you know like You know
how this class is gonna be implemented or
what's it good for, things like that.
So, we'll go ahead and
get started right now.
So, first we'll talk about the SIP
profile class really quickly.
Right here, oh, you can find these
classes by just typing in the class name.
So, SipProfile into Google.
Type in SipProfile Android.
It should be the first search result.
All right, so here we go.
SipProfile, the Class Overview right here
will give you a basic overview
of what the entire class does.
So, what's its purpose.
So, the SIP profile will define a SIP
profile, including the SIP account,
which is the user name.
The domain and server information,
so where your account is hosted.
And it also has things
like passwords as well,
if it's a local account where you're
gonna be the one using that account.
So, those are the main parts about
the SIP profile, but to create your SIP
profile you need something called
the SipProfile builder, right here.
So, we'll go ahead and click on that.
And then we'll go into
SipProfile.Builder class.
Later on you'll see that we'll be using
this class to create your local zip
profile as something you can use
to call different Sip accounts.
So, like I said you guys just
go ahead go through these go
through these two documents
on the Android website.
It'll help you familiarize yourself
with what's to come later on for
your own SIP app.
And next, we'll go over the SipManager,
which will manage your phone calls and
your SIP sessions.